# RestaurantReviewProject
This is a project to convert a pre-designed website into a responsive design that implements accessibility features in the site HTML(genereted by JavaScript) Steps to complete are: 1.Fork and clone the starter repository. The code in this repository(https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1) will serve as your baseline to begin development. 2. You'll need your own Google Maps API key. Replace the text YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY on line 37 of index.html with your own key. 3. Convert the provided site to use a responsive design . a. Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS. b)Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags c)Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS d)Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes e)Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device 4. Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions). 5. Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.

## **Getting Started**
- These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See -- deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

## **Prerequisites**
- What things you need to install the software and how to install them
- Give examples  
## **Installing**    
- A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running
- Say what the step will be
- Give the example
- Repeat until finished
- End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo
## **Running the tests**
- Explain how to run the automated tests for this system
- Break down into end to end tests
- Explain what these tests test and why
- Give an example  
## **Coding style tests**
- Explain what these tests test and why
- Give an example  
## **Deployment**


## **Built With**
- HTML,CSS,JavaScript,

## **Contributing**
- Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## **Versioning**


## **Authors**
- Paul Koutroulakis
- See also the list of contributors who participated in this project.

## **License**
- This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## **Acknowledgments**
Baseline repository was provided by David Harris of Udacious people (https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1)
